Add initial set of questions (#31)
huserben/scrum-kata: questions/what_sprint_review_is.md

---
layout: post
title: "What Sprint Review is"
parent: Katas
---

> One of the Scrum events is the Sprint Review. How does the Sprint Review enable empiricism? What would the impact be if some members of the development team were not present?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the Scrum events is the Sprint Review. How does the Sprint Review enable empiricism? What would be the impact if some Developers were not present?
```
